hey people this is we 187 and welcome
back to my let's play kingdom hearts 2
final mix in the last part we um toward
we do oh yeah we went to Atlantica and i
did stuff and i got one good when I went
to get all excellent but it's okay i'll
come back and do that later and then we
tried to beat zexion and we failed twice
badly um so I promise this time I would
win and this episode's going to be a bit
shorter just because um that's the only
thing I'm doing in this episode is
fighting zexion just because it's 11pm
and i have school tomorrow and I just
wanted to record this while it's still
fresh in my head um but yeah that's why
it's a little bit shorter first let me
go over my stuff oh I should have
actually heroes crest here um yeah I'll
go over my setup here I got heroes
heroes crest monochrome just all the
stuff here that doesn't really matter
and most importantly I have ethers I
want every ether that i can use in my
slots I want ethers and you'll see why I
want ethers um for Donald's um just you
know whatever I didn't really pay
attention to them what I do want to do
um we go i think its abilities for
Donald I want to turn off auto woman
because I was being annoying when I was
practicing earlier um and I think that
should be good oh also I did get um I
worked on leveling up my wisdom form to
get flashed or not flashed up to get
home
hotel quick run so now i can do that yay
quick run I I could have gotten Dodrill
from limit form and I was actually going
to do that but I was actually easier
just to finish up like the progress i
had without with wisdom form and you
know limit form is being weird to try to
level up and stuff so I was like you
know i'll just do wisdom for him and I
did and I'll get dodged run later but
for now quick run is all I need for the
blue circles so um I think that should
be it let's uh let's have a go with this
yeah all right um yeah I'm a little
nervous if I do end up screwing up I
don't know then I'll try again but
hopefully we should be okay this time
I've practiced this like off-screen a
lot but we'll see there's the book am I
gonna get booked again today well yeah
I'm gonna get books but you'll see hello
zexion
we are so ready for you now we're gonna
we're gonna beat you
okay here we go I'm in my pajamas right
now I'm just sort of like I just
spontaneous recording you anyway on all
right first I want to get I want to get
at least all right
yeah fire okay now
just continue fire you don't want to do
a Finnish fire just do like fires spread
out and now i want the last week of my
MP to see if it's just fire is really
nice against it nice against it because
um all right Donald got book that's okay
and I can't I want to try and get him in
the air because then I can do a little
bit of extra damage yes okay we're doing
great damage so far all right yeah he
booked me that's fine so now I want to
do comic and yeah yeah geez yeah you
have to have Donald has to be alive for
that now the reason I'm using comment so
i can find his book and I should be
looking for it actually oh there it is
right there okay cool because that
because comment is like a huge wide area
and source invincible well comics in
effect and I can just dispel him throw
an ether really fast and then just go
back on to attack in a minute yes you
look at that we're doing great damage
Evans been hurt yet that's amazing oh
okay good I know we almost got books
there um hopefully he'll go for goofy
good
all right he might poke me next oh wait
we got fire good now we just gotta
continue fire I don't want to use up all
my MP just some of it all right one more
and now we can just go back on do
checking them and both live in on books
that's good oh we gabbed oh no it's okay
so now we can just prepare for the next
limit comet and oh oh crap i should have
done that okay here we go one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten
eleven twelve all right there we go yeah
he quit grunt helps so much okay there
we go don't unlock on this spell there
we go okay now we just throw the next
either and launch him into the air again
we haven't been damaged once yeah I
wouldn't have seen this be awesome it is
that no damage run that'd be so cool
he's going to do the desperation move
again now because it's late this is HP
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten eleven twelve okay see quick
run helps so much you have no idea how
much quick my house now dispel there we
go now fire fire fire fire fire fire
fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire
fire fire now we just go back onto
attacking him home he's gonna book me
again really soon which is okay now he's
old he's only doing the this desperate
desperado whatever 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
11 12
okay cool yeah so you can't get hit
outside of being booked to get hurt you
have to be booked so on that's something
definitely to remember and yeah in this
world on destiny islands you can't get
hit at all which is awesome yeah oh I
got booked that's fine that's fine
that's totally fine
all right 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
okay
I am there we go there we go dispel yes
alright we justed zexion no damage taken
whatsoever and so I got an item slot and
download the goofy got stuff okay I'm
happy I didn't in crowd node I couldn't
okay I saw some videos they did it like
no damage level one critical but I can't
do that but you know I'm just happy that
I I did it and it's even cooler that I
got no damage taken whatsoever in that
fight Wow okay we got the book shadows
the book of shadows and lost illusion
that kind of looks like um the this like
the symbol of the goddess from Zelda
games and like the Triforce would be
above it you know you know what I mean
you know what I'm talking about um yeah
oh I'm so happy so happy that once that
went so well okay um yeah this video is
going to be very short just cuz that's
all I wanted to record in the next part
um here I'm gonna save actually I want
to save that same so I can do that in
the future for fun that's a fun fight
you have no idea how fun that fight is I
don't know it's just great um yeah let's
go to the failsafe save on right here
and that should be good it looks like
the recording turned out well man oh man
I can't believe I did that that great I
i was practicing just before the
recording and it was um I didn't do so
well I almost died but wow i did good
that time oh and also um for the circles
you know how was counting uh like up to
12 and actually it changes the circle
changes through a total of thirteen
times i can't remember who posted that
in the comments i'll edit in your name
and the video or something but thank you
because you saved me so much effort and
just trial and error thank you so much
for telling me that and oh man yeah so
what I did is just like I count to 12
for the amount of times that it changed
and then what on the 12th one I would
turn to the two ones that are red
because one of them has to turn blue and
then I would just quick run into that
one and that was how I did it so yeah
all right I'll see you in the next part
goodbye everybody